[Draft] Add possibility to include whole archive in .cmxs (#5520)
ocaml/dune: CHANGES.md

- Add `(deps <deps>)` in ctype field (#5346, @bobot)

> - Add `(foreign_archives ((path <path>)(mode whole))` to ensure that all the

Reviewer: I think that `name` would be better than `path` to go with the existing Dune conventions (since what we write is a "logical" name rather than a filesystem name: no extension, no `lib` or `dll` prefix).

> - Add `(foreign_archives ((path <path>)(mode whole))` for ensuring that all the
>   archives in included in the `.cmxs` otherwise only the symbols accessed from
>   the OCaml library are linked ( @bobot )
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add `(foreign_archives ((path <path>)(mode whole))` to ensure that all the
  archives are included in the `.cmxs`, otherwise only the symbols accessed from
  the OCaml library are linked ( @bobot )

```
